Who are you looking for?
Are you Lin Xiaoxiao?
On the night of June 25th
Was it you who slept with me at the Langping Club?
A year of shame
Where did you go all night?
What about the resume I let you win?
Ah, I'm sorry, Xiang Xiang
We had a company party yesterday.
I drank too much and slept in Langting
Probably just lost your resume there
It seems that Nai Wan Yining and Guo Yunting slept together
What kind of shit luck did he step on?
How can a top rich man sleep at this level?
However, Jiang Yilin has always regarded herself as noble
Naiwan escaped
It means that I don't want to be involved with Guo Yunting
I just happened to take his place and fly up the branches to become a phoenix
It's me, Mr. Gu. I drank too much that night
Adult so soon
Then why did you leave that day?
It's my first time.
I don't know you.
So I ran away in fear
This bracelet
Xiao Xu arranged for him to live in the city park
Let's have dinner together after get off work for a year
Hmm no thanks
I have something else to do
I have asked you out several times.
You refuse every time.
You don't give face
I really have something to do
Jiang Yining, don't be shameless
I don't wear makeup, I don't wear lipstick.
Not feminine at all
Are you still wearing that kind of street stall?
Angry and poor
If you didn't want a higher degree
Except for high-quality men like me
Who else wants you? Who cares?
And I have a fiancé
My fiancé's quality is much higher than yours
More handsome than you
My family background is better than yours
A trainee secretary
Don't hurt me with any fiancé
Lie to me
The Story Employee Code clearly states
Love is not allowed during working hours
You broke the rules by asking me out during work hours
Besides, what happened to the intern?
Which of your documents was not handled by me for you?
Look down on the fact that I won't do it
My story has always been about the able
What's wrong, Auntie?
I'm leaving. Gu Yunting usually doesn't come to the secretary department.
Did you find me?